added npm@8 to sw req'ments (#1914)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/cli-scsplugin.md

Before you install the plug-in, meet the software requirements in [Software requirements for Zowe CLI plug-ins](cli-swreqplugins.md).

**npm@7 and npm@8 Requirements:**

 * Ensure that your computer is connected to the Internet when you install the Secure Credential Store plug-in.

>  * On Windows operating systems, issue the following command before you issue the command to install the Secure Credential Store plug-in:

Reviewer: maybe just 

"...issue the following command before you install the Secure Credential Store plug-in:"
?

It sounds a bit repetitive with the word "command" mentioned twice :)

Before you install the plug-in, meet the software requirements in [Software requirements for Zowe CLI plug-ins](cli-swreqplugins.md).

> **Note:** If you're using npm@7 or npm@8, an Internet connection is required during installation of the Secure Credential Store plug-in. Additionally, there is a prerequisite on Windows for npm@7 and npm@8 users: `npm install -g prebuild-install`

Reviewer: Not sure, why this is arranged as a note. Maybe you should formulate it as part of the pre-req. 

```suggestion
(npm@7 or npm@8 only) Ensure that you have an internet connection when you install the Secure Credential Store plug-in. If Windows requires npm@7 and npm@8, issue the following command:

```
`npm install -g prebuild-install`
```
```
